Add document with the vision of the buildfarmer payload process (#22)
osrf/buildfarm-tools: playbook/buildfarmer/scripted_buildfarm_day.md

* https://build.osrfoundation.org/
* https://ci.ros2.org/

> This includes giving a glance to the main webpage status, looking for disconnected agents, hanged jobs, an annormaly queue of jobs, a server waiting to restart or anything that may look _out of place_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes giving a glance to the main webpage status, looking for disconnected agents, hung jobs, an abnormaly large queue of jobs, a server waiting to restart or anything that may look _out of place_.
```
